Information about Car ID4
The ID 4 is the second model of the famous German concern in the segment of electric cars. The car is made in the form of a five-door crossover with seating for five people.
The car features a medium-sized body. Externally, the novelty is distinguished by the absence of a radiator grille. Instead, on the front of the car is installed a decorative chrome horizontal trim. This is a kind of bridge between the main headlights. Thanks to the embossed lines on the bumper, the car has a slightly threatening look.
The lower part is emphasized with black dodger, which is traditional for crossovers. The stylish R19 alloy wheels with a non-standard design complete the picture.
Six spectacular color options are available for buyers. There will also be models with a contrasting or panoramic roof, as well as roof rails.
The interior is characterized by an ultra-modern design. Almost all traditional buttons have been replaced by touch sensors and screens. The virtual dashboard, touchscreen multimedia display and a set of necessary options make the car spectacular not only in comparison with models from the German manufacturer, but also in general.
The safety systems are represented by six airbags, lane-keeping, cruise control, traffic sign recognition, and a seat adjustment system. Sound and light signals will inform you when the functions are activated.
The heart of the car is equipped with electric motors with different capacities of 148, 175 and 204 “horses”. The most powerful motor is enough to cover a distance of 520 km without recharging. Foreseen and more powerful set with 306 hp. Depending on the stuffing the car will be offered with front or all-wheel drive.
The concern’s novelty complies with all environmental and safety requirements. The car is distinguished by its power and excellent driving characteristics.

From website:

Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Back to Top
Offers
Gallery
360° Visualizer
Explore the ID.4
Connectivity
myVW
Compare Trims
EV Essentials
Choosing VW
ID.4 Reviews
Models
Builder
Electric Vehicles
ID.4
ID. Buzz
EV Articles
EV Calculator
Community and Brand
Inventory
Certified Used Inventory
Offers
Find A Volkswagen Dealer
Owners and Services
Service and Parts
EV Service
Tires and Wheels
After Sales Financing
Service Xpress
VW Service+ Program
Genuine Volkswagen Service
Certified Collision Repair Facility
How to Schedule Service
Accessories
ID. Buzz Accessories
ID.4 Accessories
Atlas Accessories
Atlas Cross Sport Accessories
Tiguan Accessories
GTI Accessories
Jetta Accessories
Jetta GLI Accessories
Taos Accessories
Golf R Accessories
Arteon Accessories
Roadside Assistance
Ownership Benefits
Carefree Coverage
EV Ownership Benefits
Driver Access Program
Certified Pre-Owned Benefits
Connectivity and Apps
myVW App
Vehicle Software Updates
Connected Services
SiriusXM
3G Sunset
About My Vehicle
Owner's Manual
Maintenance and Warranty
Dashboard Lights
Recalls and Service Campaigns
Resources and Tutorials
Financial Services
Lease
Lease Transition Options
Finance
Lease or Finance an Electric Vehicle
Current Customers
Your Vehicle’s Trade-In Value
Protect Your Vehicle
Explore Volkswagen Drive Easy
VW Flex Subscription
Exclusive Programs
FAQs
Community and Brand
VW mission
Our U.S. Soccer Federation Partnership
Lifestyle and Heritage
Our Heritage
Shaped by the People
DriverGear
Contact Us
Chat
Find a dealer
Build my ID.4

1
1.
2023 ID.4 shown. 2025 features may vary.
Meet one of our brightest ideas:
The 2025 all‑electric ID.4
View Offers
Build your ID.4
Starting MSRP for 2025 ID.4 Pro$45,095 ⁠2
EPA Estimated Range for the 2025 ID.4 Pro291 miles
⁠3
2025 Electrify America Charging Plan2025 Volkswagen ID.4 SUV includes a 3-year Electrify America Pass+ membership with Plug&Charge and 500 kWh of charging included (DC fast or L2 public charging)
⁠4⁠5
Flexible home chargingAvailable 2-in-1 Mobile EV Charge Cable
⁠6
Peace of mind included5-year Safe & Secure plan
⁠7
Carefree CoverageIncluded on all new 2025 ID.4 vehicles
⁠8
Home
Models
ID.4
Loading...
The electric vehicle for everyone
The 2025 all‑electric ID.4 really does have it all. Stunning looks. A spacious, tech-filled interior. Plenty of range. All at a great price. This is how the future should be.
Gallery: Get an insider’s look at the 2025 ID.4
Loading Gallery...
Explore the ID.4: There's so much to experience.
All (12)
Performance (1)
Safety (1)
Technology (2)
Driver Assistance Systems (2)
Design (5)
Sound & Audio (1)
12 of 12 items
12 of 12 items

Electric Performance: Full of energy

Safety-Enhancing Technology: Helping protect what you love

Media & Displays: Ready for show and tell

IQ.DRIVE® ⁠9: Technology with hands-on, semi-automated capability

1
1.
2023 ID.4 shown. 2025 features may vary.
Exterior: The latest roadside attraction

Cargo: Where stuff finds its happy place

Sound & Audio: It's music to your ears

Driver Assistance⁠9: A helping hand, where you need it

Lighting: Switch on the ambience

Glass roof: Expand your view

1
1.
2023 ID.4 shown. 2025 features may vary.
ID. Light: If lights could talk

Interior: There’s so much to see
9.
Driver Assistance features are not substitutes for attentive driving. See Owner’s Manual for further details and important limitations.
Connectivity: Your passport to the digital world
With connected vehicle services enabled by myVW+⁠10, the ID.4 can be very accommodating. Wi-Fi Hotspot⁠11 can help you keep you or your passangers connected. And cooled down hands-free with the ease of enhanced voice control.⁠12
11.
Wi-Fi Hotspot requires myVW account and mobile app, acceptance of myVW+ Terms of Service, and availability of vehicle 4G LTE cellular connectivity and vehicle GPS signal. Certain services may collect location information. The Wi-Fi Hotspot feature is intended for passenger use only. Up to 4 devices can be supported using in-vehicle connectivity. 4G LTE coverage is not available in all areas. Use of Wi-Fi Hotspot requires trial or paid Wi-Fi plan from third party wireless data provider and is subject to the data provider’s customer agreement. If applicable, 30-day/1GB (whichever occurs first) hotspot trial begins on activation date. Limit one trial per vehicle. Paid subscription is required to continue Wi-Fi services after trial expires. Wi-Fi speeds may be reduced for customers who exceed a certain amount of data usage per month. See materials provided by the data provider for terms, privacy, and data security details. Services are not guaranteed or warranted in the event of 4G LTE network shutdowns, obsolescence, or other unavailability of connectivity due to existing vehicle hardware or other factors.
12.
Premium Speech requires a myVW account, included or paid Premium Speech subscription, vehicle to be equipped with compatible infotainment system, acceptance of myVW+ Terms of Service, and availability of 4G LTE vehicle cellular and GPS connectivity. Availability of voice control functions and generative artificial intelligence features vary based on vehicle model, model year, and trim. MY23 and older vehicles do not have AI features. Al features integrated with Premium Speech are provided by a third-party, and use of the Al features are subject to the third-party provider's terms of use and privacy policy. Volkswagen is not responsible for the completeness, reliability, or accuracy of any information provided as a result of using the Al features. Any actions taken or reliance on such Al features are at your own risk. Always consult the Owner's Manual for specific information about your vehicle. Responses provided by the AI features are limited to information and events before November 2023.

Wireless App-Connect: Take your apps for a ride⁠13

Premium Navigation⁠14 & Premium Speech⁠12: Enhance your drive

15
15.
Wireless charging requires compatible device.
Wireless Charging: Keep your devices going for the long haul
12.
Premium Speech requires a myVW account, included or paid Premium Speech subscription, vehicle to be equipped with compatible infotainment system, acceptance of myVW+ Terms of Service, and availability of 4G LTE vehicle cellular and GPS connectivity. Availability of voice control functions and generative artificial intelligence features vary based on vehicle model, model year, and trim. MY23 and older vehicles do not have AI features. Al features integrated with Premium Speech are provided by a third-party, and use of the Al features are subject to the third-party provider's terms of use and privacy policy. Volkswagen is not responsible for the completeness, reliability, or accuracy of any information provided as a result of using the Al features. Any actions taken or reliance on such Al features are at your own risk. Always consult the Owner's Manual for specific information about your vehicle. Responses provided by the AI features are limited to information and events before November 2023.
13.
Always pay careful attention to the road, and do not drive while distracted. Not all features available on all operating systems. Message and data usage rates apply. App-Connect features require compatible device, operating system, and mobile apps. See mobile device and app providers for terms and privacy. Google and Android Auto are trademarks of Google LLC. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc.
14.
Premium Navigation requires myVW account, included or paid Premium Navigation subscription, vehicle to be equipped with compatible infotainment system with navigation, acceptance of myVW+ Terms of Service and availability of vehicle 4G LTE cellular and GPS connectivity.
myVW

myVW⁠16 puts essential tools and owner resources at your fingertips, offering a seamless experience for scheduling service, accessing service history⁠17 and owner tutorials.
Plus, when you activate myVW+⁠10, you can access connected vehicle services such as remote start⁠18 (if equipped), remote lock/unlock⁠19, last parked location⁠20 and more. Requires acceptance of myVW+ Terms of Service. To learn more or download the app, visit myVW Mobile App | Volkswagen.
Explore myVW features
Compare ID.4 trims
Build your perfect ID.4 by selecting a trim below.
Loading
The EV life is the good life with VW
We’re going far to ensure switching to an EV is easy, convenient, and better for everyone.

21
21.
Always properly stow the charging cable after unplugging your vehicle to avoid the risk of shock. See Owner’s Manual for details.
Plug&Charge⁠22

23
23.
Charging hardware (EVSE) not included with MY25 VW ID.4 and is sold separately and may require additional installation and wiring costs. Please see Owner’s Manual for installation and other charging information. Consult with a qualified electrician regarding charger installation and always adhere to local building codes.
At-Home Charging

1
1.
2023 ID.4 shown. 2025 features may vary.
Range: Now you can go the extra mile(s) ⁠3

DC Fast Charging: Included VW ID.4 Charging Plan

Public Charging: 68,000+ chargers nationwide⁠24

1
1.
2023 ID.4 shown. 2025 features may vary.
EV Calculator

1
1.
2023 ID.4 shown. 2025 features may vary.
Going electric: Learn more about EVs at VW

Explore our EV Line-up: They’re quite the crew
3.
2025 ID.4 Pro EPA estimated total range is 291 miles. Actual mileage and range will vary and depend on several factors including driving and charging habits, accessory use, temperature and topography, battery age, load, and vehicle condition. Battery capacity decreases with time and use. See owner’s manual for details.
22.
Plug&Charge can only be used at Electrify America DC fast charging and Level 2 public charging stations. The feature is available for use upon purchase of a new, unused 2025 ID. Buzz EV and can only be utilized by the original purchaser/owner for the duration of the included charging plan. Not valid for subsequent owners. Functionality will deactivate upon expiration of the included 3-year charging plan, which begins upon vehicle purchase. Requires Electrify America mobile app, account, enrollment in the included ID. Buzz charging plan, acceptance of Plan Disclosure, set up of payment method and activation of Plug&Charge in the Electrify America app. Activation usually takes a few minutes but may take longer depending on your vehicle and its cellular connectivity.
24.
Source: US Department of Energy Alternative Fuels Data Center.
Plenty of reasons to choose a Volkswagen Electric SUV

Carefree Coverage: Standard on all new Volkswagen Vehicles ⁠25

Safe & Secure: 5-year plan included ⁠7

Cost of Maintenance: A smart choice for the long run

Vehicle Service Protection: Stay protected for years to come⁠26

27
27.
Only drive and park where it is permitted and always stay on provided roads and paths. See owner’s manual for important information regarding off pavement use.
Our heritage meets your lifestyle. Learn more about Volkswagen.  
7.
5-year Safe & Secure connected vehicle services available on most MY20-MY25 vehicles. For customers who do not have an existing Safe & Secure plan, the Safe & Secure included plan will begin on original (new, unused) vehicle in-service (purchase) date or June 1, 2023, whichever is later. Connected vehicle services are not available on most MY20 Passat vehicles. Valid in the U.S. only. Rental fleet vehicles and vehicles that are or have been classified as totaled, salvaged, or rebuilt are not eligible. Paid subscription is required to continue services after included plan expires. Visit the shop tab in the myVW mobile app to see how much time is remaining on your Safe & Secure plan. All services and features may not be available on all vehicles. For example, ID.4 and ID. Buzz vehicles do not include Stolen Vehicle Location services or Anti-Theft Alerts, and MY21 ID.4 vehicles do not have the Information Assistance service.
25.
Carefree Coverage is included on all MY20 and newer vehicles. Carefree Maintenance provides 10,000- and 20,000-mile scheduled maintenance services or scheduled maintenance services for two years (whichever occurs first) as stated in the vehicle’s maintenance booklet. Does not include tire rotations, or other services or parts not specified in the owner’s literature. 3 years/36,000 miles (whichever occurs first) Roadside Assistance provided by a third party. May require additional payment for services rendered. 4 years/50,000 miles (whichever occurs first) New Vehicle Limited Warranty. 8 Years/100,000 miles (whichever occurs first) High-Voltage Battery Limited Warranty. The high-voltage battery is warranted for 8 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs first, for defects in material and workmanship and for a battery net capacity of at least 70%. The battery net capacity coverage includes any repairs needed to return battery net capacity to a level of 70%. Coverage may not return the high-voltage battery to an “as new” condition with 100% net capacity. See owner’s literature or dealer for warranty, maintenance program, and roadside assistance details, exclusions, and limitations. Connected vehicle services enabled through myVW+, including Remote Access and Safe & Secure,  require cellular connectivity, GPS signal, and acceptance of myVW+ Terms of Service. Not all services and features are available on all vehicles. Connected vehicle services require an included or paid subscription. See additional important information at http://vw.com/connected.
26.
Vehicle Service Protection coverage runs concurrently with any applicable manufacturer’s warranties. In-warranty plan expiration is measured in time/miles from the Manufacturer’s Original In-Service Date and zero (0) miles. Out-of-warranty plan expiration is measured in time/miles from the Agreement Purchase Date and the Current Odometer Reading.
Loading
About Volkswagen
Corporate
Newsroom
Contact Us
US Media Site
Site Map
Help Center
Decarbonization Statements
Shopping Tools
Carefree Shopping
Financial Services
Certified Pre-Owned
Partner Program
Corporate Fleet
DriverGear
Owners and Services
Ownership Home
Service and Parts
Accessories
Ownership Benefits
Connectivity and Apps
About My Vehicle
TDI Emissions Modification Lookup
In-Use Verification Program (IUVP)
Social Media
Facebook
Instagram
X
YouTube
TikTok
LinkedIn
English
Español
AdChoices
Privacy Statement
Website Terms of Use
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising
Cookie Settings
California Consumer Notice
Electric Vehicle Battery Label
How to Disconnect Remote Vehicle Access
Industry Guidance for Emergency Responders
© 2025 Volkswagen of America, Inc.
Disclaimer by Volkswagen
Volkswagen of America, Inc., believes the information and specifications in this website to be correct at the time of publishing. Model specifications provided may vary based on selected trim, options, and installed accessories. Specifications, standard features, options, fabrics, accessories and colors are subject to change without notice. Some features may be unavailable when your vehicle is built. Some vehicles are pictured with options that may be available at extra cost or may not be available on some models. Ask your dealer about the availability of options and verify that the vehicle you ordered includes the equipment you ordered.
Computer generated image shown. Images of vehicles are for illustrative purposes only. Please see dealer for details and availability.


